src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:3:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:5:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'm_firstName' may be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:6:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'm_lastName' may be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:7:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'password'
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Field 'defaultpasswordLength' may be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:10:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:48:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:48:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:5:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:5:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: This utility class has a non-private constructor
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:8:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
